## Continuing from last week, explain how the code generated by Blockly will be executed. Specify the output of each Blockly code in pseudo-code.

The code generated by Blockly is executed by converting the visual blocks into code that can be executed by a programming language. This conversion process is done by a generator code that exports the new block to a programming language such as JavaScript, Python, PHP, Lua, or Dart. The generator code is responsible for converting the visual blocks into the corresponding code in the target programming language.

Here are some examples of how the code generated by different Blockly blocks would be executed:

### Exercise Block
The Exercise Block represents a specific exercise that the user wants to perform. When the user selects an exercise from the Exercise Block, the corresponding code for that exercise is generated. For example, if the user selects "push-ups" from the Exercise Block, the code generated would be:

```
perform_push_ups()
```

### Set Block
The Set Block represents a set of repetitions of an exercise. When the user selects a Set Block, the corresponding code for that set is generated. For example, if the user selects a Set Block with 10 repetitions, the code generated would be:

```
for i in range(10):
  perform_exercise()
```

### Repetition Block
The Repetition Block represents a repetition scheme for a set of exercises. When the user selects a Repetition Block, the corresponding code for that repetition scheme is generated. For example, if the user selects a Repetition Block with 3 sets of 10 repetitions of push-ups, the code generated would be:

```
for set in range(3):
  for i in range(10):
    perform_push_ups()
```

### Rest Block
The Rest Block represents a rest period between sets or exercises. When the user selects a Rest Block, the corresponding code for that rest period is generated. For example, if the user selects a Rest Block with a 30-second rest period, the code generated would be:

```
rest(30)
```

## Show a use case for a recursive Blockly program, illustrating that Blockly allows the user to build infinitely many complex programs from a small number of building blocks.

A use case for a recursive Blockly program could be a program that generates a Fibonacci sequence. The Fibonacci sequence is a series of numbers in which each number is the sum of the two preceding numbers. The first two numbers in the sequence are 0 and 1. A recursive function can be used to generate the Fibonacci sequence. Here's an example of how this could be implemented in Blockly:

1. Create a function block named "fibonacci" with an input named "n".
2. Add a conditional block that checks if "n" is less than or equal to 1.
3. If "n" is less than or equal to 1, return "n".
4. If "n" is greater than 1, create a variable block named "a" and set it to "fibonacci(n-1)".
5. Create another variable block named "b" and set it to "fibonacci(n-2)".
6. Add a math block that adds "a" and "b" together.
7. Return the result of the math block.

This program generates the Fibonacci sequence recursively by calling the "fibonacci" function with decreasing values of "n" until "n" is less than or equal to 1. The program then returns the sum of the two preceding numbers in the sequence. This program can be used to generate the Fibonacci sequence for any value of "n".

## Describe the data that your project needs to maintain and explain how the block-based programming language interacts with this data. Design the outlines of a database (if appropriate).

The Fitness Program DSL project needs to maintain data about the exercises, sets, repetitions, and rest periods that the user selects. This data is used to generate the workout routines that the user creates using the visual blocks. The block-based programming language interacts with this data by converting the visual blocks into code that can be executed by a programming language. The code generated by the blocks uses the data to perform the exercises, sets, repetitions, and rest periods that the user selects.

A database can be used to store the data about the exercises, sets, repetitions, and rest periods. The database can be designed to store information about each exercise, including the name of the exercise, the muscle groups targeted by the exercise, and the difficulty level of the exercise. The database can also store information about each set, including the number of repetitions and the weight used. The database can store information about each repetition, including the number of repetitions and the rest period between repetitions. The database can store information about each rest period, including the duration of the rest period.

Here's an outline of a database that could be used for the Fitness Program DSL project:

```
Exercise
- id (int)
- name (string)
- muscle_groups (string)
- difficulty_level (int)

Set
- id (int)
- exercise_id (int)
- repetitions (int)
- weight (float)

Repetition
- id (int)
- set_id (int)
- repetitions (int)
- rest_period (int)

Rest
- id (int)
- duration (int)
```

The Exercise table stores information about each exercise, including the name of the exercise, the muscle groups targeted by the exercise, and the difficulty level of the exercise. The Set table stores information about each set, including the number of repetitions and the weight used. The Repetition table stores information about each repetition, including the number of repetitions and the rest period between repetitions. The Rest table stores information about each rest period, including the duration of the rest period.

## If your project involves external devices (cars, robots, IoT, etc), you will want to test your code on a simulator. Describe the simulator software you are planning to use.

This project does not involve external devices, so simulator software is not required.
